LoadBalancer prerequisite (#3612)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/install-edge-with-edge-operator.md

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
Edge has been tested and officially supported on Kubernetes version 1.32.x, the latest GA version at the time of release. Support is limited to this version. We aim to support deployments on CNCF-certified Kubernetes distributions provided they use upstream Kubernetes version 1.32.x and meet the documented resource and environment prerequisites. We are committed to maintaining alignment with the Kubernetes support lifecycle and will validate and support newer versions in future maintenance releases, ensuring continuity when version 1.32.x reaches end-of-life.

**Important:**

> * Edge requires that your Kubernetes cluster has support for **LoadBalancer services** in order for the Cumulocity UI and APIs to be accessible outside of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edge requires that your Kubernetes cluster has support for **LoadBalancer services** in order for the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI and APIs to be accessible outside of the cluster.
```
